README.md, before:

# alonsoir.github.io

	Hello, basically this is a repository where I leave my notes on what I am learning, and things I want to learn.
	I am currently gaining more knowledge about the microservices architecture, thinking especially about the issue 
	of managing distributed transactionality and the different mechanisms that exist to deal with it.

	The file is Mis notas sobre el curso de microservicios de Atomikos.txt

	Está en Español, con la idea de algún dia seguir añadiendo más contenido y puede que algún día sea el germen para
	un libro en Inglés y en Español.

# Things to study

	# Fullstack

		https://www.codeinwp.com/blog/angular-vs-vue-vs-react/

		https://medium.com/somoswigou/angular-vs-react-vs-vue-cuál-es-la-mejor-opción-941a207951c7

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=angular+vs+react+vs+vue&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		angular

		React

		typescript

	# Kotlin

		https://fabiomsr.github.io/from-java-to-kotlin/

	# Github pages

		https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site

		https://pages.github.com/#generate-step-1

		https://alonsoir.github.io

	# Istio

		https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-you-might-need-istio-rick-hightower/

		https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/service-mesh-compared-aop-servlet-filters-rick-hightower/

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=Istio&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		https://www.paradigmadigital.com/dev/jugando-con-istio-the-next-big-thing-en-microservicios-1-2/

		https://istio.io

		https://openwebinars.net/blog/que-es-istio/

		https://github.com/istio/istio

		https://istio.io/docs/concepts/what-is-istio/

	# Confluent platform

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/examples/microservices-orders/docs/index.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.microservices-orders

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/cloud-quickstart/index.html#ccloud-quick-start

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/ce-quickstart.html

	# Microservicios

		# Cool project
		https://github.com/piomin/sample-spring-microservices-transactions
	
		https://dzone.com/articles/break-a-monolith-to-microservices-12-best-practice?edition=583294&utm_source=Weekly%20Digest&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Weekly%20Digest%202020-03-04

		https://microservices.io/patterns/reliability/circuit-breaker.html

		https://kelda.io

		https://www.jaegertracing.io

		https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splunk

		https://dzone.com/articles/10-challenges-of-microservices-and-solutions-tips

		https://dzone.com/articles/microservices-architecture-challenges-of-building

		https://dzone.com/articles/microservice-issues-challenges-and-hurdles

		https://akka.io

		https://dzone.com/microservices-news-tutorials-tools

	# reporting spring-boot

		https://www.baeldung.com/birt-reports-spring-boot

	# Spring Web flux (reactive programming)

		https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web-reactive.html?fbclid=IwAR3GoDur9YEZ9lbELPsHkarsKMCPOcE0KLd_9VNCJkryyMk-psM8ujEnaxI

		https://www.baeldung.com/spring-5-webclient

		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58939365/how-to-await-when-all-http-requests-are-finished-using-spring-webclient

		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50203875/how-to-use-spring-webclient-to-make-multiple-calls-simultaneously

		https://dzone.com/articles/reactive-microservices-with-spring-webflux-and-spr

	# Extreme programming

		http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules.html

		http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/sequential.html
	
	# More Docker...

		https://spring.io/blog/2020/01/27/creating-docker-images-with-spring-boot-2-3-0-m1

	# Time series databases...

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&sxsrf=ALeKk00RxJnQf3zHAJ2JtRMD8xCJ4E0VLg%3A1582713434059&ei=WkpWXtySA8nggwfYlrrYBA&q=time+series+database&oq=timeseries+&gs_l=psy-ab.1.1.0i10l3j0i10i203j0i203j0i10i203l5.2739.2739..5157...0.2..0.293.293.2-1......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71.Edjx2tgOBlw

	# More Scala

		https://users.scala-lang.org/t/overloaded-method-value-with-alternatives/3156

	# SOLID principles. Esto es algo que siempre debes estar refrescando. Sería ideal encontrar un plugin que haga un análisis sobre como de SOLID es el código que has escrito.

		https://howtodoinjava.com/best-practices/5-class-design-principles-solid-in-java/

	# Apache Spark

		Spark 3.0!!

		https://medium.com/cloudzone/apache-spark-3-0-review-what-the-spark-is-all-about-998844e12b3c

		https://databricks.com/session_eu19/dynamic-partition-pruning-in-apache-spark

		# get exactly-once and ACID guarantees on files, but also scale to handling millions of files.
		https://delta.io

		https://towardsdatascience.com/the-art-of-joining-in-spark-dcbd33d693c

		https://towardsdatascience.com/why-apache-spark-is-fast-and-how-to-make-it-run-faster-9d31bf3eae04

		https://allaboutscala.com/big-data/spark/#dataframe-sql-group-by-count-filter

		http://www.diegocalvo.es/funciones-estadisticas-de-dataframes-en-scala/

		https://medium.com/@varunabhi86/movie-recommendation-using-apache-spark-1a41e24b94ba

		https://sparkbyexamples.com/spark/spark-dataframe-how-to-select-the-first-row-of-each-group/?fbclid=IwAR21-ydaE8QQwSgJhwyOzy1XfewiRymr9RzXd48tLtPNx3DhbNkVwrNq-DA

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/stream-processing-with-apache-spark/0636920360490/

		https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/apache-spark-with/9781787129849/9781787129849-video3_3?autoplay=false

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=avoid+collect+spark&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		https://luminousmen.com/post/spark-tips-dont-collect-data-on-driver

		https://es.slideshare.net/cloudera/top-5-mistakes-to-avoid-when-writing-apache-spark-applications

		https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/tuning.html

		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FydxEfOU6D8&fbclid=IwAR3EIcMNEvyiKKlZIrLnMuQqGlRlli1bru4kTSDgn62MtaHgir5zN4pwYPE

	# Apúntate a esta escuela del CERN antes del 27 de febrero

		https://indico.cern.ch/event/861566/registrations/54683/

		https://dev.to/notifications

	# more java...

		http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/index.html

		https://blogs.oracle.com/javamagazine/quiz-2

	# httpie

		https://www.atareao.es/software/utilidades/httpie-un-cliente-http-para-la-linea-de-comandos/

	# nifi

		https://nifi.apache.org

		Ya puedo instalar la última version. 1.11.0 a dia de hoy.

		nifi start

		http://localhost:8080/nifi/

		https://nifi.apache.org/docs/nifi-docs/html/getting-started.html#for-linux-mac-os-x-users

	# jlink

		https://dzone.com/articles/jdk9-howto-create-a-java-run-time-image-with-maven

		https://github.com/andrioli/maven-jlink-docker-example

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&sxsrf=ACYBGNTH3k9byo_RntdX3Qbe9t9xx8SdQg%3A1579957807921&ei=Lz4sXtTlN_uJjLsPl4WgkAg&q=jlink+maven+example&oq=jlink+maven&gs_l=psy-ab.3.1.0i203l2j0i22i10i30j0i22i30l7.2270.4913..8149...0.2..0.252.1043.2j2j2......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71j0i67j0i10j0j0i13i30.MWlDUXJ7CAQ

	# Amazon Web service

		https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdU8fEJqQtB8e-iOpZcxKQQ

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/aws-certified-sysops-administrator-associate-crash-course/0636920268017/#what-youll-learn

		https://aws.amazon.com/es/whitepapers/?whitepapers-main.sort-by=item.additionalFields.sortDate&whitepapers-main.sort-order=desc

	# Google Cloud Platform

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/introduction-to-google-cloud-platform/0636920268963/#what-youll-learn

	# Azure

	# more about Scala...

		https://docs.scala-lang.org/es/tour/implicit-parameters.html

	# CNN training models...
	
		https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2018/04/16/keras-and-convolutional-neural-networks-cnns/

	https://java-design-patterns.com/patterns/

	https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/

	https://www.genbeta.com/desarrollo/desarrollando-microservicios-reactivos-micronaut

	https://github.com/genbetadev/micronaut-hello-world

	https://guides.micronaut.io

	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTUumoh7lWE

	https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=service+mesh&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

	https://serverspec.org

	ley universal de escalabilidad, 

	teoría de colas, 

	teoría de las restricciones, 

	ley de Conway, 

	ley de Andahl

	Teorema CAP --> Repasarlo

	https://nasa.github.io/openmct/

	https://devopsdays.org/events/2020-caceres/welcome/ --> Apuntarse antes del 2 de Febrero.

	https://bubble.io/welcome

	https://trello.com/b/j5zulU4g/javalonmillionbaby

	https://www.atareao.es/software/utilidades/httpie-un-cliente-http-para-la-linea-de-comandos/

	# Create a cool cv.
	
		https://resumedone.io/?origin=fb&fbclid=IwAR1XZr0DQCzyhPWZfVk6ZNOMPJGGLBU6Zr19A1JCxo5--CWAO5fxRuQVlGc

	https://www.crickettek.com/?m=1

	https://scispark.jpl.nasa.gov/tutorials.html

	https://es.slideshare.net/SparkSummit/spark-at-nasajplchris-mattmann

	https://www.esaspaceshop.com/eu/

	http://highscalability.com/blog/2013/7/8/the-architecture-twitter-uses-to-deal-with-150m-active-users.html

	https://piotrminkowski.com/2017/06/26/monitoring-microservices-with-spring-boot-admin/

	# Maldacena!!

		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O2J83rsGnc&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2MB_Nig-ZCgWxRypbHOFSGEWBaDvDJChYkNyPRTFDbJc9mH_k19JKo2Wc

		https://bloggy.ific.uv.es/bloggy/index.php/2017/10/27/el-modelo-cosmologico-estandar/?fbclid=IwAR1kvQxTJP8SMSt-MMgAalgg8KItStc4fMEIpojzrtr9DHbxLLiM9LKEptM

	# Nintendo Switch

		https://www.nintendo.es/Juegos/Programas-descargables-Nintendo-Switch/Divinity-Original-Sin-2-Definitive-Edition-1633057.html#	

	https://jameshfisher.com/2020/02/09/diffing-coronaviruses/

	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org

	https://medium.com

	https://www.slideshare.net/nfrankel/london-inmemory-computing-meetup-a-changedatacapture-usecase-designing-an-evergreen-cache

	https://dzone.com/microservices-news-tutorials-tools

	https://www.atomikos.com/Blog/TransactionalRESTMicroservicesWithAtomikos

	https://dzone.com/articles/microservices-and-business-transactions

	https://dev.to/siy/nanoservices-or-alternative-to-monoliths-and-microservices-12bb

	https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=distributed+monolith&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

	https://medium.com/transferwise-engineering/from-monolith-to-distributed-monolith-fd53d8dbbeba

	https://www.microservices.com/talks/dont-build-a-distributed-monolith/

Commit message:

added microservices with kafka implementation.

README.md, after:

# alonsoir.github.io

	Hello, basically this is a repository where I leave my notes on what I am learning, and things I want to learn.
	I am currently gaining more knowledge about the microservices architecture, thinking especially about the issue 
	of managing distributed transactionality and the different mechanisms that exist to deal with it.

	The file is Mis notas sobre el curso de microservicios de Atomikos.txt

	Está en Español, con la idea de algún dia seguir añadiendo más contenido y puede que algún día sea el germen para
	un libro en Inglés y en Español.

# Things to study

	# how to build a good algorithm for the lottery

		https://lotterycodex.com/lottery-strategy-myths-debunked/

	Kafka

		https://www.confluent.io/blog/build-services-backbone-events/?_ga=2.200884907.404940470.1597322379-1716370968.1597322379

		https://www.confluent.io/blog/building-a-microservices-ecosystem-with-kafka-streams-and-ksql/?_ga=2.260222856.404940470.1597322379-1716370968.1597322379

		#microservices implementation!
		https://github.com/confluentinc/kafka-streams-examples/tree/5.5.0-post/src/main/java/io/confluent/examples/streams/microservices

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/examples/microservices-orders/docs/index.html#tutorial-microservices-orders

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/examples/microservices-orders/docs/index.html#tutorial-microservices-orders

	Quantum Theory

		http://members.tripod.com/l_asproni/Atom/quantumtheroy.htm
		
	DDD

		https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/domain-driven-design-distilled/9780134593449?autoplay=false

	# Fullstack

		https://www.codeinwp.com/blog/angular-vs-vue-vs-react/

		https://medium.com/somoswigou/angular-vs-react-vs-vue-cuál-es-la-mejor-opción-941a207951c7

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=angular+vs+react+vs+vue&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		angular

		React

		typescript

	# Kotlin

		https://fabiomsr.github.io/from-java-to-kotlin/

	# Github pages

		https://help.github.com/en/github/working-with-github-pages/configuring-a-custom-domain-for-your-github-pages-site

		https://pages.github.com/#generate-step-1

		https://alonsoir.github.io

	# Istio

		https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-you-might-need-istio-rick-hightower/

		https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/service-mesh-compared-aop-servlet-filters-rick-hightower/

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=Istio&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		https://www.paradigmadigital.com/dev/jugando-con-istio-the-next-big-thing-en-microservicios-1-2/

		https://istio.io

		https://openwebinars.net/blog/que-es-istio/

		https://github.com/istio/istio

		https://istio.io/docs/concepts/what-is-istio/

	# Confluent platform

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/tutorials/examples/microservices-orders/docs/index.html?utm_source=github&utm_medium=demo&utm_campaign=ch.examples_type.community_content.microservices-orders

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/cloud-quickstart/index.html#ccloud-quick-start

		https://docs.confluent.io/current/quickstart/ce-quickstart.html

	# Microservicios

		# Cool project
		https://github.com/piomin/sample-spring-microservices-transactions
	
		https://dzone.com/articles/break-a-monolith-to-microservices-12-best-practice?edition=583294&utm_source=Weekly%20Digest&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Weekly%20Digest%202020-03-04

		https://microservices.io/patterns/reliability/circuit-breaker.html

		https://kelda.io

		https://www.jaegertracing.io

		https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Splunk

		https://dzone.com/articles/10-challenges-of-microservices-and-solutions-tips

		https://dzone.com/articles/microservices-architecture-challenges-of-building

		https://dzone.com/articles/microservice-issues-challenges-and-hurdles

		https://akka.io

		https://dzone.com/microservices-news-tutorials-tools

	# reporting spring-boot

		https://www.baeldung.com/birt-reports-spring-boot

	# Spring Web flux (reactive programming)

		https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/web-reactive.html?fbclid=IwAR3GoDur9YEZ9lbELPsHkarsKMCPOcE0KLd_9VNCJkryyMk-psM8ujEnaxI

		https://www.baeldung.com/spring-5-webclient

		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/58939365/how-to-await-when-all-http-requests-are-finished-using-spring-webclient

		https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50203875/how-to-use-spring-webclient-to-make-multiple-calls-simultaneously

		https://dzone.com/articles/reactive-microservices-with-spring-webflux-and-spr

	# Extreme programming

		http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules.html

		http://www.extremeprogramming.org/rules/sequential.html
	
	# More Docker...

		https://spring.io/blog/2020/01/27/creating-docker-images-with-spring-boot-2-3-0-m1

	# Time series databases...

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&sxsrf=ALeKk00RxJnQf3zHAJ2JtRMD8xCJ4E0VLg%3A1582713434059&ei=WkpWXtySA8nggwfYlrrYBA&q=time+series+database&oq=timeseries+&gs_l=psy-ab.1.1.0i10l3j0i10i203j0i203j0i10i203l5.2739.2739..5157...0.2..0.293.293.2-1......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71.Edjx2tgOBlw

	# More Scala

		https://users.scala-lang.org/t/overloaded-method-value-with-alternatives/3156

	# SOLID principles. Esto es algo que siempre debes estar refrescando. Sería ideal encontrar un plugin que haga un análisis sobre como de SOLID es el código que has escrito.

		https://howtodoinjava.com/best-practices/5-class-design-principles-solid-in-java/

	# Apache Spark

		Spark 3.0!!

		https://medium.com/cloudzone/apache-spark-3-0-review-what-the-spark-is-all-about-998844e12b3c

		https://databricks.com/session_eu19/dynamic-partition-pruning-in-apache-spark

		# get exactly-once and ACID guarantees on files, but also scale to handling millions of files.
		https://delta.io

		https://towardsdatascience.com/the-art-of-joining-in-spark-dcbd33d693c

		https://towardsdatascience.com/why-apache-spark-is-fast-and-how-to-make-it-run-faster-9d31bf3eae04

		https://allaboutscala.com/big-data/spark/#dataframe-sql-group-by-count-filter

		http://www.diegocalvo.es/funciones-estadisticas-de-dataframes-en-scala/

		https://medium.com/@varunabhi86/movie-recommendation-using-apache-spark-1a41e24b94ba

		https://sparkbyexamples.com/spark/spark-dataframe-how-to-select-the-first-row-of-each-group/?fbclid=IwAR21-ydaE8QQwSgJhwyOzy1XfewiRymr9RzXd48tLtPNx3DhbNkVwrNq-DA

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/stream-processing-with-apache-spark/0636920360490/

		https://learning.oreilly.com/videos/apache-spark-with/9781787129849/9781787129849-video3_3?autoplay=false

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=avoid+collect+spark&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

		https://luminousmen.com/post/spark-tips-dont-collect-data-on-driver

		https://es.slideshare.net/cloudera/top-5-mistakes-to-avoid-when-writing-apache-spark-applications

		https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/tuning.html

		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FydxEfOU6D8&fbclid=IwAR3EIcMNEvyiKKlZIrLnMuQqGlRlli1bru4kTSDgn62MtaHgir5zN4pwYPE

	# Apúntate a esta escuela del CERN antes del 27 de febrero

		https://indico.cern.ch/event/861566/registrations/54683/

		https://dev.to/notifications

	# more java...

		http://tutorials.jenkov.com/java/index.html

		https://blogs.oracle.com/javamagazine/quiz-2

	# httpie

		https://www.atareao.es/software/utilidades/httpie-un-cliente-http-para-la-linea-de-comandos/

	# nifi

		https://nifi.apache.org

		Ya puedo instalar la última version. 1.11.0 a dia de hoy.

		nifi start

		http://localhost:8080/nifi/

		https://nifi.apache.org/docs/nifi-docs/html/getting-started.html#for-linux-mac-os-x-users

	# jlink

		https://dzone.com/articles/jdk9-howto-create-a-java-run-time-image-with-maven

		https://github.com/andrioli/maven-jlink-docker-example

		https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&sxsrf=ACYBGNTH3k9byo_RntdX3Qbe9t9xx8SdQg%3A1579957807921&ei=Lz4sXtTlN_uJjLsPl4WgkAg&q=jlink+maven+example&oq=jlink+maven&gs_l=psy-ab.3.1.0i203l2j0i22i10i30j0i22i30l7.2270.4913..8149...0.2..0.252.1043.2j2j2......0....1..gws-wiz.......0i71j0i67j0i10j0j0i13i30.MWlDUXJ7CAQ

	# Amazon Web service

		https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdU8fEJqQtB8e-iOpZcxKQQ

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/aws-certified-sysops-administrator-associate-crash-course/0636920268017/#what-youll-learn

		https://aws.amazon.com/es/whitepapers/?whitepapers-main.sort-by=item.additionalFields.sortDate&whitepapers-main.sort-order=desc

	# Google Cloud Platform

		https://learning.oreilly.com/live-training/courses/introduction-to-google-cloud-platform/0636920268963/#what-youll-learn

	# Azure

	# more about Scala...

		https://docs.scala-lang.org/es/tour/implicit-parameters.html

	# CNN training models...
	
		https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2018/04/16/keras-and-convolutional-neural-networks-cnns/

	https://java-design-patterns.com/patterns/

	https://www.weave.works/technologies/gitops/

	https://www.genbeta.com/desarrollo/desarrollando-microservicios-reactivos-micronaut

	https://github.com/genbetadev/micronaut-hello-world

	https://guides.micronaut.io

	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HTUumoh7lWE

	https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=service+mesh&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

	https://serverspec.org

	ley universal de escalabilidad, 

	teoría de colas, 

	teoría de las restricciones, 

	ley de Conway, 

	ley de Andahl

	Teorema CAP --> Repasarlo

	https://nasa.github.io/openmct/

	https://devopsdays.org/events/2020-caceres/welcome/ --> Apuntarse antes del 2 de Febrero.

	https://bubble.io/welcome

	https://trello.com/b/j5zulU4g/javalonmillionbaby

	https://www.atareao.es/software/utilidades/httpie-un-cliente-http-para-la-linea-de-comandos/

	# Create a cool cv.
	
		https://resumedone.io/?origin=fb&fbclid=IwAR1XZr0DQCzyhPWZfVk6ZNOMPJGGLBU6Zr19A1JCxo5--CWAO5fxRuQVlGc

	https://www.crickettek.com/?m=1

	https://scispark.jpl.nasa.gov/tutorials.html

	https://es.slideshare.net/SparkSummit/spark-at-nasajplchris-mattmann

	https://www.esaspaceshop.com/eu/

	http://highscalability.com/blog/2013/7/8/the-architecture-twitter-uses-to-deal-with-150m-active-users.html

	https://piotrminkowski.com/2017/06/26/monitoring-microservices-with-spring-boot-admin/

	# Maldacena!!

		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_O2J83rsGnc&feature=youtu.be&fbclid=IwAR2MB_Nig-ZCgWxRypbHOFSGEWBaDvDJChYkNyPRTFDbJc9mH_k19JKo2Wc

		https://bloggy.ific.uv.es/bloggy/index.php/2017/10/27/el-modelo-cosmologico-estandar/?fbclid=IwAR1kvQxTJP8SMSt-MMgAalgg8KItStc4fMEIpojzrtr9DHbxLLiM9LKEptM

	# Nintendo Switch

		https://www.nintendo.es/Juegos/Programas-descargables-Nintendo-Switch/Divinity-Original-Sin-2-Definitive-Edition-1633057.html#	

	https://jameshfisher.com/2020/02/09/diffing-coronaviruses/

	https://www.geeksforgeeks.org

	https://medium.com

	https://www.slideshare.net/nfrankel/london-inmemory-computing-meetup-a-changedatacapture-usecase-designing-an-evergreen-cache

	https://dzone.com/microservices-news-tutorials-tools

	https://www.atomikos.com/Blog/TransactionalRESTMicroservicesWithAtomikos

	https://dzone.com/articles/microservices-and-business-transactions

	https://dev.to/siy/nanoservices-or-alternative-to-monoliths-and-microservices-12bb

	https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=distributed+monolith&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8

	https://medium.com/transferwise-engineering/from-monolith-to-distributed-monolith-fd53d8dbbeba

	https://www.microservices.com/talks/dont-build-a-distributed-monolith/
